Yo this wasn't 3 years ago
The daughter left behind by the Xu couple?
You know my parents?
Well, more than knowing
Shen Yu, he is Tinglan's fiancee
Don't provoke him
You provoke him
Tinglan won't let you go
It's right to be your enemy
As cold-blooded as Shen Tinglan
What do you mean?
What do you mean by marrying your enemy?
You make it clear
I dare not provoke Dad that kid
How is the group now?
As long as you don't make trouble
And everything was going well.
Good luck
OK
Well, I owe you money now.
Can you give it to me from the group?
You you
Are you gambling outside again?
I've already asked
Now our group has a market value of tens of billions
Move me tens of millions, what's the matter?
You moved all your assets out
That's listening to it for two months without sleep?
I have to face all my opponents alone
And those old guys on the cannibal board
It's all settled
Saved the company
What face do you have to ask for money?
I am his father
This is what he should do.